Stop lying!
you
There are no ethics.
There are no ethical boundaries to what they will do.
It is all about the utilitarian means justify the ends.
What will we do with this moment?
How will we be remembered?
Look at the opportunities before us.
This election really isn't about the left versus the right.
It's about we the people choosing our government and the choice between freedom versus tyranny.
Nobody has a chronic disease burden like we have.
Why are we allowing this to happen to our children?
Ultimately, the only thing that will save our country is if we choose to love our kids more than we hate each other.
What is going on here is deeper than politics.
It is deeply spiritual.
We are being called to rise above the hatred and the fear and the evil.
We need to remember above and beyond that we must love our neighbors, that we must treat other people as we hope to be treated.
You want to be a rebel?
You want to be a hippie?
You want to stick it to the man?
Show up on your college campus and try calling yourself a conservative.
Stop lying!
America is going to reach heights that it has never seen before.
The future is going to be amazing!
Stop!
Don't you want healthy children?
Don't you want a president that's gonna make America healthy again?
I come to you today as a former Democrat.
I will be a first-time Trump voter tonight.
Stop lying!
The people dreamed this country and it's the people who are making America great again.
Stop lying.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's really important not to be a liar.
I guess I would ask myself, like, I mean, I lie.
If I'm really cornered or something, I lie.
I really try not to.
I try never to lie on TV.
I just don't, you know, I don't like lying.
I certainly do it, you know, out of weakness or whatever.
Generally speaking, I don't lie out of weakness.
I try to make a habit of not lying, and that's not apparently what Tucker Carlson and the like do.
I would suggest to you that this is what a national security theater for dummies looks like.
That's the reason why the anti-RFK Jr.
tour actually features Corey and Kirsch.
And they allowed themselves to be put on a poster like that.
Because this was a national security theater.
It was a trap.
And if you don't start to see that this was an international social media based trap with international actors that chose their glasses, or even worse, someone chose their glasses for them.
That's why all the ladies wear Craig, Claire Craig glasses nowadays.
Oh, look, there's some more Claire Craig glasses.
Look, that guy's glasses are surprisingly similar to these two guys' glasses.
Wow, that is so bizarre.
It's almost like it's a national security theater.
Yeah.
Yeah, Sam Harris is a neuroscientist.
And so the Trump administration is destroying our democracy, is what one side believes.
The other side believes that God sent us Trump.
And right smack dab in the middle are people from the national security state working for the DOE since he dropped out of college, working for the Whitehead Institute, started by David Baltimore, recently dead, about to be the subject of a multi-week
biology lesson, courtesy of yours truly.
David Baltimore was one of the craziest scripted actors that I've come to understand as such recently.
And I'm very excited that there's enough video of him to use thoroughly, to use thoroughly to show you how governance by scripted actors has actually been pulled off.
from the ivory tower of academia all the way to the DOD, the DOE, and the top secret DARPA stuff that they do.
It's all, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
All the way to surfers from Hawaii put on a script, a resume built, and Bob's your uncle, ladies and gentlemen, and Bob is your uncle, and that's the way it works, right?
I mean, that's just the way it works.
This woman is not real.
This man is not real.
And he might even believe he's real, but he's surrounded by people who are not.
I suspect he's probably the best example of what a Truman show would be.
You surround a guy long enough with people on a script, and he will believe the script and actually believe that he's taking part in it.
Um, crazy, crazy times.
You and your children are trapped in a national security theater.
You gotta get off social media if you want to escape.
That's the reality.
It's not gonna feel good.
Ripping the Band-Aid off is not gonna feel good.
But fortunately, I've got an alternative for you.
I've got an alternative for where you can put your content.
I've got an alternative for how we can build that network of trusted people.
that I'd like to call the intellectual dark web.
Sorry, the intellectual bright web.
I'm sorry, the independent bright web.
You see, it's all a semantic game.
And our acquiescence to their semantic game played on their playing field on social media is what's going to make us lose.
That's why I'm trying to lead the way or help to set the example of building our own social media, our own network of content providers.
You know, we just build websites and put videos on them.
It's not that hard, especially because there is this open-source software like Peertube, open-source software like Soapbox that can be used to do it.
Actually, that's what Truth Social is, and that's what Blue Sky is.
So we are not that dissimilar to some of the more cutting-edge ways that a federated network can be built.
And in fact, I think we're helping to do that.
And the next steps are right around the corner.
Here you see it.
The independent bright web includes Housatonic Live.
And it is a way to make America real again.
It's a way to make the web real again.
An independent bright web.
I really like it a lot.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
That is definitely not the way life is.
Thank you very much for joining me, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm happy to be here.
I will see you in a... Yeah, of course, we've got to do the intro.
Sometimes I dream That he is me
You got to see that's how I dream to be.
I dream, I move.
I move.
I dream, I groove.
Like Mike.
If I could be like Mike.
Oh, if I could be like Mike.
Like Mike.
If I could be like Mike.
Be like Mike.
Yeah, I try.
Just need to fly.
Just wonder if I could be that way.
I dream I move.
I dream I groove.
Like Mike.
If I could be like Mike.
I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be like Mike.
Like Mike.
If I could be like Mike.
Be like Mike.
Like Mike.
If I could be like Mike.
What time is it?
Daytime.
I am really excited to be here.
It's Tuesday.
It's a nice day.
The back door is open.
The fresh air is blowing through the garage.
And intramuscular injection is definitely still dumb.
RNA still can't pandemic.
Transfection is still a crime.
And autism is still a myth at Giga Home Biological.
I'm very happy to be here as part of the independent bright web.
Thank you very much for being here.
Thank you for using PeerTube.
Getting off of social media is the only non-compliance that matters.
It is a warning to your children.
One of the best ways to move forward will be to learn the biology that supports this statement.
that autism spectrum disorder is a myth used to make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology, that virology is never questioned as a science, and public health is never questioned as a reason.
And in fact, in order to reinforce this mythology, to protect these ideas, they have also wielded the pandemic and gain of function as myths.
which have confused people about virology and public health and intramuscular injection and led us down this path where for some reason we still can't figure out why everything was free.
The masks were free, the closures were free, the iPads were free, you know, the supplementary oxygen was free.
The shots were free, the remdesivir was free, all the protocols were free.
It's just really weird why we can't seem to figure out why the cheese is free as a signal for what not to be, where not to be, what not to do.
But I do think the way out is biology.
And I do think that GigaOM Biological is the biology they ignore.
Not is the, the, the biology they ignore, but just is the biology they ignore.
That typo has been up there for a while now.
I keep getting that wrong for some reason.
I guess it's because my eyes don't see it.
Or I pulled the old slide out again from an old deck.
Something like that.
Please, ladies and gentlemen, show your children why the cheese is free on social media.
Explain it to them.
Because they're using Discord right now.
Your teenagers are using Discord to communicate.
And so while you're running the rat race going back and forth from Netflix to work to Netflix to work, your kids are on Discord and what is that stupid roadblocks thing.
And so, you know, that's what fifth generation warfare is.
That's what you really need to be afraid of.
And I do think we're all in on this one.
We're all in it together.
It's not just the people that took the the bait for the health freedom movement Although that is me and that is a lot of people that took that bait you might have seen through a lot of these Organizations and still believed that in general they were just trying to latch on to something that at its heart was good But that's what you thought
you would be wrong because actually they were all there by design and it's not it's not a fun message it's not a message for everybody but it is a message for anyone anyone that's ready to hear it RNA cannot pandemic intramuscular injections is a dumb idea from the late 1800s
transfection is a crime and population pyramids are definitely real that's why they saw this thing coming and so we've been using social media incorrectly thinking that social media is some kind of interactive sitcom where we can make Ross and uh what was her name i don't know the other lady on that show friends they we could make them fall in love if we just texted the right thing and that's just ridiculous
just the same as it would be if you thought that you could text Captain Kirk and Captain Kirk would change the plot or their tactics against the Romulans.
So, welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological.
I am broadcasting to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I'm going to plug PeerTube again.
Just to be repeated, this is the way out.
Please download the app.
Use PeerTube app because it does work really well on your phone.
It's even better than my website.
This is for all the marbles.
This is for the grandchildren of Earth and that's why there's a fake anti-vax movement in America.
I think I can pop myself in down here.
Good to see everybody.
Intramuscular injection is just a dumb idea.
Transfection is what they should have called it from the very beginning because it's actually an old technology that they're renaming more or less to reopen the IP window.
And a lot of the people that are involved with this narrative are also intellectual property experts that have likely at one time or another or ongoing are taking advantage of that knowledge, having invested in things that have inevitably gone up because of the
the wild speculation and talk regarding the pandemic.
And so of course they've played these silly videos where the donut salesman Ralph Baric is talking about how to profit from a pandemic, but they don't talk about how somebody from Goldman Sachs like Steve Bannon would be profiting from the pandemic or
or even orchestrating the pandemic, even though he had somebody like Li Min Yan, and he was on stage with her, hugging her in January of 2020, talking about a lab leak and talking about getting her in the New York Senate, for goodness sakes.
And now that guy is supposed to be some kind of political influencer on the right in America, whatever the right is like, this is the kind of absurdity that we are
we are just believing in because we scroll through social media and read this stuff, and it seems like a lot of people agree that there is a health freedom movement, or a conservative movement, or a populist right movement, or a Christian conservative movement, or whatever the hell they call it.
And there isn't.
It only exists on social media.
just in the same way that the gay community only exists on social media.
There's no gay community in Bethel Park.
There's just Bethel Park.
And that's the real trick here.
If everybody on social media agrees that RNA can definitely pandemic, and we call that a coronavirus, well then it's pretty hard for the average Joe to argue.
It's pretty hard for the average Joe that has been just taking their word for it his whole life or the average, you know, Jane on the street who's been just taking their word for it her whole life to suddenly decide that, wait, I've got to figure out which of this is bullshit and which of it isn't so I can make some principled judgments about what to do with my family's future.
I mean, that's not happening and social media is definitely not helping that to happen.
Social media, there are no influencers on social media that are trying to teach our children how to safely navigate social media because of the fact that there are only actors.
Actors who believe in pandemics, actors who think that the COVID shots are a vaccine, actors that think vaccine is a useful word.
I mean, autism.
describing something that we need to find the cure for or the cause of.
It's going to seem like I'm repeating a lot of stuff, but actually that's all we've got now, ladies and gentlemen.
And I've been saying this for years already, but when you are this over the target, the only thing you can do is hover.
And at this stage, I feel like we're locked in right over the top of it, not moving a centimeter either way anymore.
Because the bottom line is, is that they knew that something was coming since I graduated from high school.
And they have been orchestrating the response to it.
They have been orchestrating the use of this signal.
And the use of this signal was to sort of demolish the United States, to demolish the nation state on earth, and to roll in a global governance system that would be capable of effectively taking control of the evolution of the species.
And of course, there are all these incremental things that need to be added in, computer infrastructures that needed to be imagined and built.
machine learning strategies that needed to be tested on smaller scales.
And so now that we understand how to do it on those smaller scales, now we can build an infrastructure that's large enough and fast enough in order to provide the necessary data access for a machine learning algorithm to tackle a thing like the analysis of the heredity of a vertebrate.
And so you can't possibly imagine that the reason why we're building these networks and we're building all of these storage facilities is so that we can have bigger videos and we can have them at faster frame rates or that we can play games at faster frame rates with more people.
That's just a very, very convenient excuse for the development of all of these technologies.
And you're told that there's all this dual-use technology and virology, but nobody seems to be able to see the dual-use technology right in front of their faces with regard to computers and cameras and data and computation.
They saw this coming.
And they have been telling us stories in our movies and our TVs about the solution that they would offer, the orchestrated theater that they would present.
And then they did it.
And it would be as simple as saying that, Oh, the green thing is a red thing.
And the red thing is new, even though the green thing was there all the time.
The illusion is as simple as a cartoon with five colors.
but the irreducible complexity is not displayable on any modern, you know, it is remarkable where we are, ladies and gentlemen, because the window is closing.
I can't stress this enough, that there was an anticipated rise in all cause mortality.
They saw this coming.
And they are using this signal against us.
They have used it against us.
They used manslaughter, murder, and lies to create a brief appearance of a crisis on this background.
And so that's why this line is not level.
That's why that doesn't look that impressive.
That's why they have to take it away from all cause mortality and show it to you independently.
And then it looks really bad.
But if they show you pneumonia in the bright red, you'll just realize that, wow, what we had under control for decades, we lost control of for about two years.
That's odd.
And that's the murder and lies, ladies and gentlemen.
That's why it's so easy and why it's so important for somebody like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
to, for example, never ever get the numbers from the opioid crisis correct, that none of these people can get the opioid crisis numbers correct, because that would mean that this chart would be a problem then.
Because with the loss of control of pneumonia that you see here in red, plus the opioid numbers, what is there left to explain?
Imagine if the opioid numbers laid over this just perfectly like the green.
Imagine if the math was that simple.
And now imagine that there's no one doing that math.
And so I think we've been fooled by a very elaborate national security theater, which was orchestrated over a couple decades in anticipation of that signal in the population pyramid that I just showed you.
In anticipation of that signal in the population pyramid, which was exacerbated crazier, much crazier in other Western nations with smaller populations without this big base in Scotland, et cetera.
And so that was the pandemic and this window where we can use the fraudulent nature of the Trump administration, the fraudulent nature of the Biden administration, the fraudulent nature of the biology of the pandemic to discredit this 20 or 30 year long exercise in orchestrated mythology, we can break it for everyone.
The trouble is, is that we're very, very close to the vast majority of Americans accepting the mythology that he's an idiot, that Trump's an idiot, that they put a lot of American kids in danger by questioning the vaccine schedule, and that the COVID vaccine is one of the most successful scientific endeavors ever.
And that if Donald Trump wasn't such an idiot, he would have gotten a Nobel Prize for it already.
And that's the trap.
That's the trap they've always had us aimed at.
That's the reason why this clown show exists.
That's the reason why Alex Jones exists, because just like it seemed preposterous that anybody was gonna vote for Harris and whoever she was running with, or would vote for Biden again, just like it was so ridiculous.
that a lot of people decided, well, I mean, you know, it's the lesser of two evils.
But now the lesser of two evils, of course, is Donald Trump and these guys.
And it's an easier choice, which means it will be a more violent move in that direction.
And so even though it feels like right now, Charlie Kirk and everybody's getting really fired up about this.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
It's nothing close to what they might be setting us up for.
And if we're not very careful, um, it could be very, very ugly because again, on social media, you're not aware that we've been fooled by these people.
There've been many times in the 25 years I've been in TV where I think, you know, are we using this like very substantial power that we have to put pictures on the screen to hurt weak people?
And I have done that.
inadvertently over the years because I got carried away, but I really try not to say.
There have been many times in the 25 years I've been in TV where I think, are we using this very substantial power that we have to put pictures on the screen to hurt weak people?
And I have done that inadvertently over the years because I got carried away, but I really try not to say.
There have been many times in the 25 years I've been in TV where I think,
You know, are we using this very substantial power that we have to put pictures on the screen to hurt weak people?
And I have done that inadvertently over the years because I got carried away.
But I really try not to say.
There have been many times in the 25 years I've been in TV where I
I apologize, I just got a text that I had to read.
He's having a lot of these moments lately caught on camera where he's extremely clear about the fact that he lies, that he understands how television and social media could be used to lie.
And you saw the video that I played in the beginning of the show.
These people are, it's disgusting.
If you see that music video now and listen to them talking about the election, it is just disturbing.
Before the election, we had, we had Tulsi Gabbard telling us that she knew, you know, how the deep state worked and who was running the deep state.
And now she's the director of the, of national intelligent, I guess, director of net.
I don't even know what that means.
It's obviously not as powerful as Chief of Staff, otherwise we would hear a lot less of her, right?
I mean, it is so bizarre, but if you fell for this, or if some of your family and friends fell for this, either side of it, right, you fell for it.
Welcome to 2025.
If you think that guy's good or she's good, then you fell for it too.
If you hate Trump,
Or you think Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is a victim of a brain worm, you also fell for it.
That's the thing.
You're just going to be the kind of person that really pushes it hard the other direction when it's time.
Just like some of us were the people that got to be pushing it in that direction when the choice was Harris or Trump.
So you gotta see it.
We have been walked into this trap as a country and now we are being shaken up in a very specific way with the idea of us, you know, like a judo throw works.
Where in judo, like you push somebody and you get them to push back on you.
And when they push back on you is when you, I mean, I'm not a judo guy, but I know it's sometimes done that way.
I've seen videos where it sure seems to be done that way, where, you know, you're, you're trying to feel the force of the other person and then get out of the way and use it against them a lot of times.
And quite frankly, I think that's what these people did.
This health freedom movement was set up and put in place to take whatever conservative people in America were vulnerable to it, were critically thinking enough to question the narrative of the pandemic to create this vortex of black hole of shit where they found all these people
and got lost in it, because that's what social media does.
It makes you feel like you're solving a mystery.
It makes you feel like you're talking to people because they give you a thumbs up, or they give you a like, or they retweet.
And this has all been militarized to make it feel like you're interacting with the soap opera, where you're interacting with the Starfleet officers, but you're not.
And if anybody understands it, it's guys like him.
It's Rogan.
It's all these people that know that's what they do.
They are scripted actors.
Jimmy Kimmel's a scripted actor.
Stephen Colbert is a scripted actor.
The crazy thing is, is Jay Bhattacharya is a scripted actor.
And Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is a scripted actor.
I'm afraid Thomas Massey is a scripted actor.
I'm afraid all of these people are scripted actors.
They are national security actors that have been paid to not question the script.
How else can you explain it that these people have allowed themselves to be put on a poster that says the anti-RFK tour?
Unless these people are as part of a setup to humiliate
anyone on the conservative side in America.
And so I played these guys before.
I think we are being ruled by podcast.
I think podcast actors and the scripts that they are on are how we are being ruled.
And there are some really nasty ones that have been deployed on us in the conservative side.
But there are many, many of these people on the left.
It's just that on the left, it's easier.
It's the TV narrative.
It's the easy narrative.
and it's gonna swing back.
This is an illusion.
The truth is not getting out.
We are in trouble as a country.
And so I think these people are need-to-know basis scripted actors.
I think actually, I would go so far as to say, I think that Charlie Kirk was a need-to-know basis scripted actor.
Now I'm not gonna make any statements about what happened, but I can assure you that he was not shot by somebody behind him or to the left of him or somebody in the crowd with a gun that looks like an iPhone.
Because if a nine millimeter bullet goes off unsilenced next to you, you're gonna know that.
And everybody around you is gonna know that.
It doesn't matter how loud the PA system was or what was being said at the time.
Nobody in that crowd reacts as though a gun went off in the front row.
None of the security guys react as if a gun went off to their right or to their left.
And so there are a lot of videos going around and a lot of nonsense going around, but the only thing you really need to understand is that they are need-to-know basis scripted actors.
If they are part of a national security exercise, essentially they know that they are on a battlefield.
They know it could be part of the script, that they have to leave the stage.
How they leave the stage, I have no idea, because I'm not one of them.
Would they take people off the stage with live bullets?
My guess is yes, especially innocent bystanders like the guy or multiple people that were killed in Butler, Pennsylvania.
I'm sure that they would take innocent bystanders out.
Would they take actors out with bullets?
I don't know.
My guess is, sure, why not?
Especially if those actors were no longer following the script.
But I think the temptation is going to be for you to jump to conclusions about who is running and adjusting the script.
Who is running the stage?
You know, who's pulling the ropes?
Who's changing the scenery?
That is a hard question to ask, but since they are national security actors, I think you can safely assume that who's ever doing that is essentially attached to the national security state who's ever doing this.
Is it the DOD?
Maybe.
Department of Energy, DITRA.
I don't know.
I don't know who does this stuff.
I'm not an expert in that.
I know that they're lying about biology.
I know they're lying about who these people are on the internet.
I know they're lying about the Human Genome Project and what has been accomplished.
And I think that's all tied up in this one little ball of crap that also includes, you know, chronic fatigue syndrome.
It also includes AIDS.
It also includes cancer and the cancer biology.
And it also includes the pandemic.
It's all one thing.
And it includes 9-11 as Mark Kulak, Housatonic ITS, has so eloquently shown that there was this huge momentum and interest in bioterrorism with none other than Senator Joe Biden the day before 9-11.
And there is no reason to... This is all one show.
I haven't been more confident of this conclusion in all the years that I've been doing this, and it's been a long time now, six years.
But this is an elaborate theater that has been intricately planned and rehearsed, and they've even done test runs of it, you know.
And these test runs have never had the acquiescence to social media that we have had since 2020.
We never used social media like this.
Before 2020, we didn't use social media like this.
Make no mistake about it.
We didn't watch shorts.
We didn't binge watch Netflix.
Something has drastically changed in the way that we communicate with one another, in the way that we assess our political and socioeconomic realities.
And it's not that long ago.
We can still remember it.
You kids that are lucky enough to have gone through high school during the pandemic, you can remember it and remember it well.
Remember it well enough so that you can tell your children about it.
Remind them of why we went back to it Need to know basis actors Trump doesn't need to know that he was gonna be shot at that day He needs to know the script if he is shot at That's it.
It's a need-to-know basis script.
It's some improvisation mostly about what not to say and Just you know, don't ask questions
And it may be that Charlie Kirk's wife is just not asking questions.
She's just doing what she's told, posting what she's told to post.
Maybe she doesn't even know what they're posting.
But ladies and gentlemen, make no mistake about it.
I don't care if he said a lot of nice things on camera.
I don't care if he said a lot of bad things on camera.
What I care about is that he had a $150 million organization to be places to say things.
And that doesn't happen in America unless it serves these people.
It just doesn't.
I don't know what to say.
If you believe what you say about him,
then you gotta act on how you believe.
And I think that's what's wrong with the show right now.
There are people who say they believe really tragic and important things, but then they do nothing.
And their actions do not suggest that they actually believe that.
If you believe your child is in danger of going, you know, it's dangerous to send your kid to a public school, but then you do nothing about it, then what does it really mean?
If you think it's, it's dangerous to smoke cigarettes, but you smoke two packs a day, what does it really mean?
And so I want you to ask the question, if you really believe
that politics is a theater, what does it really mean?
It means that Donald Trump is a fake.
It means that Tulsi Gabbard is a fake.
It means that Joe Rogan is a complete fake.
It means that Peter Thiel is a fake.
It means that Elon Musk is a fake person.
It means that Jeff Bezos didn't invent anything to do with some kind of algorithm or distribution idea.
It doesn't mean that Elon Musk is a master of deep tunneling engineering, and also rocket engineering, and also time travel, and electric cars, and also brain implants.
It means it's a theater.
And the more absurd the theater is, apparently, the easier it is for us to believe.
Joe Rogan has such a great podcast that he makes $100 million a year.
Peter Thiel is a genius.
Stop lying!
You know, Elon Musk builds things.
And Jeff Bezos is a genius.
Stop lying!
And, and, and Robert Malone.
He's a really good guy for 20 years and, and, and running.
And Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
He's also just a good guy trying to do his best to, you know, he's been praying for 20 years to be put in a position to stop the childhood chronic disease epidemic.
And now I guess Donald Trump is the answer to his prayers.
I'm pretty cynical right now.
I don't like it, but that's the way it is.
These people are lying and they have put these people in place to lie to us.
And I want you to hear how bad it is.
It feels like because of the design of our lives and the optimization of it, we're increasingly laddering up to just ourselves.
even in my life I'm wondering now why is it why is it important to show this guy well because he's the example of how social media is used against us he is a government national security actor he was funded a rich guy but then what he was funded
He's got an English accent.
That's why he's used on Americans.
He has 50 employees behind this diary of a CEO podcast, 50 employees.
That's militarization of social media.
That's not capitalism.
That's not making a lot of money on views.
That's not, you know, it's because he's got a staff of 50 that he's able to really get his views high enough to make it profitable.
And you're just going to need to invest in your channel enough, you know, and pay some people to get some views or whatever.
I don't know.
This is just stupid.
Now in this same conversation, uh,
The other gentleman at the table is going to invite him to his house to pray in the weekend, which means I guess these guys live in the same town, which I think is Austin, Texas.
Where Joe Rogan is, where Elon Musk is, where the University of Austin is with the wonderful Barry Weiss.
Where all these podcasters are, it's one little media show that sucked a lot of conservative, populist, Christians, people that, you know, were skeptical of the whole lockdown narrative, didn't want to wear masks.
They were all sucked in here.
And this guy's connected to Peter Thiel.
He's connected to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
via his father.
who is the foremost arbitrator of intellectual property law in biotechnology in America.
One of the biggest funders of the Los Angeles Orchestra.
Les Weinstein.
Les Weinstein was appointed to the Department of Justice during the time of Estes Kefauver, the guy who died three weeks before Robert F. Kennedy, John F. Kennedy Jr.
was killed.
He died on the floor of the Senate.
Nobody really cares about him, but I think he was a pretty good guy.
I think there's a lot of history there that gets unsaid on purpose, but he had to do with trying to make the FDA a little better and oversaw a lot of that along with Les Weinstein.
Yes, the father of the guy here at the table.
Oh yeah, Alex Jones, he's in Austin too, isn't he?
Do you pray?
Hmm, it's a good question.
You come over Friday night and pray with us.
I'd say I do pray.
That's pretty weak.
But it's not the way that I see prayer in movies and stuff.
So that's the thing, right?
We have this idea that somebody puts their hands together and they just believe.
Yeah.
A lot of time when you're praying, you don't really believe.
You're not sure that you're doing anything sensible.
You feel ridiculous.
And that's true even if you're a believer.
Think about that.
Think about what he's saying there.
That's true.
Even if you're a believer, but I'm not a believer, but how can he know that then?
But he purports to say that he knows it.
Do you pray?
You're going to come over and pray with us, but he doesn't believe in God.
So who's he praying to?
What is praying doing?
Is it meditation?
Is it saying shit out loud?
Do you see what this is?
This is exactly the same shit that we have with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
saying that he prays for 30 minutes a day.
And the answer to his prayers is Donald Trump.
It's the same thing we have with Sherry Tenpenny saying that she heard a voice after she cried out to the Lord.
Why do you, why did you give this to me to do?
Why didn't you give me Tony Robbins?
Rah, rah.
She heard a voice.
And that's why she's been working on vaccines for 25 years and still hasn't really come to any firm conclusions as to how to explain her objections about it.
The same as Robert F. Kennedy Jr., curious enough.
And so what you have here is a group of people who have agreed to screw us over.
have agreed to confuse the American public and the curious American public, the skeptical American public, the Christian American public, they have volunteered to screw us over on behalf of these billionaires that would rather not have the American system around anymore.
These billionaires that would rather not have the American electorate have anything to do with anything anymore.
Why should we have to pander to them is probably what Peter Thiel and Alex Karp say a lot together.
Can't we just spray them all with carfentanil from a drone?
Do you think we need religion?
Yeah, said the atheist.
Are you an atheist?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
But I take religion super seriously.
I don't lament to live with it.
Is he doing a skit?
And that's true even if you're a believer.
Do you think we need religion?
in movies and stuff.
So that's the thing, right?
We have this idea that somebody puts their hands together and they just believe.
Yeah.
But a lot of time when you're praying, you don't really believe.
You're not sure that you're doing anything sensibly.
You feel ridiculous.
And that's true even if you're a believer.
Do you think we need religion?
Yeah, said the atheist.
Are you an atheist?
I mean, what is most obvious here is the tremendous size of his ego.
He's so sure he's right about everything that he knows, that he's very comfortable saying that there is no God, but he prays anyway, because essentially he's looking in the mirror while he does it.
Of course, he's the smartest person in the room, in every room that he's in.
And so you can see it already, right?
This is the kind of person that we are dealing with.
This is the kind of person
that would participate in the writing of Man and His Future.
This is the kind of person that thinks that, you know, a lot of people just aren't smart enough to understand what we have to do next.
A lot of people don't have this view of a multi-generational future.
You know, where you work together with your kids to plant trees for the grandkids.
Where you have a common vision of your future that extends beyond those kids' kids.
That used to be the way that people thought all the time.
And now social media has been used to erase that notion.
has been used to separate generation from generation so that our parents aren't working with us the way they should be.
And we are not working with our kids the way we should be.
And we need to change that now while everybody is still alive and while we can still look to the future and decide to work together with our children.
There are some old people we don't, we're not going to really have to worry about them anymore.
It's honestly, I don't know that it's important for people that have children to look backwards to their parents anymore.
I think it's more important for us to look forward to our children and make sure that our children and ourselves are on the same page about this.
On the same page about the recent American history that has converted us to social media monkeys, to screen junkies,
We need to be honest about that right now while we still can.
I have a child who's about to turn 16 and he needs to be completely immune to and off of corporate social media by the time he's 18.
He's not on it right now.
All the discord groups that he's on, as far as I can tell, only contain invited members, which are his friends at school.
There's only one, two groups.
And then there's a basketball chat group and that's it.
And that's the children, that's the generation we need to raise.
But they're doing other things.
They're wasting time in other ways and they're not investing in their own future because they don't see what's coming.
They can't see it.
There's no vision of our own.
Yeah.
But I take religion super seriously.
I don't think we're meant to live without it.
That's an interesting conundrum.
I don't think so.
Everybody gets hung up on it.
I sort of wonder what their problem is.
Please explain.
So you believe that we aren't meant to live without religion, we're meant to be orientated by something transcendent, but you don't believe that it's real?
I mean, it's important for somebody to sit across the table from him and say, that's the stupidest thing I've ever heard.
You better explain it better than that.
It's not a profound statement.
It's a stupid statement.
Let's play it again and make sure you realize that the script here is that the CEO guy is not really going to say anything like, oh, that's a curious conundrum.
That's not a curious conundrum.
It's a stupid contradictory statement that doesn't make any sense without clarification, which he can't provide.
Great trick that I learned.
Do you think we need religion?
Yeah, said the atheist.
Are you an atheist?
Yeah.
But I take religion super seriously.
I don't think we're meant to live without it.
So what I think he's hinting at here is the idea that these elite see religion as a way of governing us.
And that now these elite are trying to come up with a plan B kind of religion that will, you know, some kind of new age Jesus or something that will incorporate the idea that we have to take control of the evolution of the species.
God gave us this knowledge, right?
So it would be a very, it would be a abdication of our responsibility if we wouldn't use this knowledge.
That's, and you know, not everybody can understand it.
Not everybody's as sophisticated.
So, you know, there's just, you know, we're not meant to live without religion is a very weak statement without clarification.
Oh my gosh.
I think everything that Eric Weinstein says is weak because it has no clarification.
That's an interesting conundrum.
I don't think so.
Everybody gets hung up on it.
I sort of wonder what their problem is.
Please explain.
So you believe that we aren't meant to live without religion.
We're meant to be orientated by something transcendent, but you don't believe that it's real.
I think that... You know, there's this great trick that I learned when I was scuba diving, which is that your need to breathe
is triggered by the buildup of CO2 in your lungs.
So I think this story that he's telling is as stupid as him playing blues on the guitar.
And if you don't know how blues is played on the guitar, blues is easy.
It's not very hard.
If you learn the scales, blues is easy.
There's no wrong notes.
And he's, you know,
I'm not saying that he can't play piano or he can't play guitar or whatever he does.
I'm just saying that it's the same kind of shtick here.
You know, it's spreading the butter too thin and representing yourself as something that you're not.
And this is annoying because, you know, scuba diving, come on, come on.
And there are all sorts of things you can do to decrease your need to breathe.
One is you can hyperventilate and you can get rid of all of the CO2 that's residual.
You can also inure your lungs.
And then you can pass out because, you know, hyperventilating and then holding your breath and swimming is a great way to drown in a swimming pool.
But okay, go ahead, tell me more.
Lungs to CO2 by smoking.
You can also breathe out the precious air that your instincts tell you to hold in.
You can do all these things and then you can go super deep.
You can equalize.
Did he just say that you can use smoking to go super deep because it trains your lungs to deal with carbon dioxide?
That's quite remarkable statement.
Learn how to equalize the pressure in your ears by holding your nose and these techniques.
And suddenly you're far deeper than you've ever been.
And you're exploring the rocks and the fishes and there's a turtle and there's an eel.
And you get a message, you're out of air.
And you look up and you see, I am really far from the surface.
This is terrifying.
That's what happens when you unhook.
I'm wondering whether he's ever been in that situation.
My guess is he has not.
Stop lying!
I'm just going to say that right now.
I don't think, and this guy actually ought to understand, if he's actually a scuba diver, then he ought to understand the absurdity of giving somebody 60 liters of minutes of pure oxygen in a hospital for a few hours.
Stop!
I mean, if he's a scuba diver and he knows all about going really deep, then he also knows about, you know, decompression tables and he knows about, you know, the tank composition, how much nitrogen has to be in there and that kind of stuff.
And he knows that you don't put pure oxygen in there.
So why in the world would pure oxygen be given to people if they came into the hospital in 2020, 21 or 22?
I mean, come on, this is a joke to me.
But that's what it is.
It's a joke on us.
And we need to wake up and understand that it was a joke on us.
And we need to get out of this trap right now.
And we need to get everybody else out of the other part of the trap as well, because the left is also trapped.
The proximate, which is air hunger, from the ultimate, which is the need to breathe,
So thirst is proximate to dehydration.
Hunger is proximate to the need for nourishment.
In part, religion and prayer is there to keep us from unhooking all of these protective things and just turning life into a hoot.
You can have a hoot without religion, but if everybody has a hoot, the whole society collapses.
At some point, I think a president of the United States may have said that people who defend this country were suckers.
Something like that.
And I thought, God damn you.
Maybe it's true, even.
But how many families have received a flag-draped coffin and felt pride?
Like we lost something precious, but we are part of the American tapestry in a way that few families can be.
And when we outsmart ourselves, when we unhook all of these things, you know, every single young woman has an idea about what the opportunity cost of not going on OnlyFans is.
Only if she's on social media as a young person, that's it.
I don't think there are very many high schoolers at my kids' high school, the same high school where Matthew Crooks went.
I don't think there are very many high school seniors or juniors or sophomores thinking about whether or not they should finally, you know, go on OnlyFans and see if they can make a million dollars.
I really don't.
And I think that this story is part of a larger illustration of what they are trying to do, but you can see it in any flip part of this.
You can go to the view, you can go to PBS news, you can go to your favorite podcasts, and they will be pushing the idea that the internet is inevitable.
The internet does stuff to us and that most people
And the reality is, is that if you got off of that stuff on your phone, you got rid of Instagram, you got rid of Tik Tok, you got rid of YouTube and you didn't watch it or you didn't log into it so it could keep track.
And you, you know, even then I think it would be awful.
Like you just got off of these things, especially the ones where you text people and argue with people.
Cause those are the dumbest get off of signal.
Get off of Telegram.
Get out of any group of people on your phone that is more than two that are not in your family.
I mean, this kind of stuff is really, really disturbingly bad at this point.
We just need to get it all away because he's not saying it.
Only fans is social media.
And so it'd be very simple to explain this as social media is awful.
Even if all the algorithms were altruistically designed and optimized to make everybody as happy as possible, there would be the possibility of using them the other way.
And therefore, the whole thing is dumb because it's never real.
If the algorithm was optimized to make everybody happy, it would be just as awful as it is now, where it's designed to split everybody into as many groups as possible.
And that splitting then to argue that you have to choose one of two, because splitting is bad.
Before we didn't know what the opportunity cost, there was no measurement of it.
We're becoming too sophisticated.
We've got too much information.
We're deranging ourselves.
We're having a blast.
We're not having any fun on social media.
And we don't have too much information.
We imagine that we do.
And we're completely undoing all of the superstructure of the world.
Undoing the superstructure of the world.
The undoing of the superstructure of the world was already apparent in the 90s.
We already knew that the superstructure of the world, which is the population pyramids...
were being undermined by an effort to curb family size and curb population growth.
And that meant necessarily that there would be some pain, structural pain to go through as our population dynamics changed.
And people have known this for decades and they have planned for it for decades.
And it's very possible that he works for some of them.
It's very possible.
The number of people who don't have children or want children.
My kids make fun of me.
I just go around telling people to make babies.
I mean, he really thinks he's profound and he's playing a character that thinks he's profound.
That, you know, he's saying things that nobody else says.
I go around telling people to make babies.
It's just a joke to me.
And it's the most normal thing in the world.
I meet parents who don't harass their own children to get married and have families.
Like, what are you doing?
Think about this for a second, okay?
If it's normal, think about the music, right?
What music was around when... What music is out there now?
K-pop demon hunters?
Is that what your kid listens to?
You know, what are we listening to now?
What were we listening to before?
What is this song?
This song is called Love Walks In, right, by Van Halen.
Now my question is, in modern pop music, how much music is about falling in love?
How much music is about, I don't know, maybe there's some country music that's that way.
But when I was a kid, all the songs were about it.
Maybe they were about sex too, but it was about boys and girls getting together.
And it was about falling in love with girls.
It was about, I mean, all of this music is about... Let me see if I can, I mean,
I mean, even a song like Run to You by Bryan Adams.
Every song by Bryan Adams was about a girl or a woman.
And so we go from a decade where, and think about that.
You can see it in the way that our music has changed, in the way that our pop media has changed, and he's pretending that none of that has happened.
He's pretending it's just, you know, kids making choices nowadays and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, rather than it being a highly orchestrated, forced change in the way that kids and adults and social media users see themselves in the world.
It's not a spontaneous process.
It is a process that is programmed in.
And this man is part of the large theater of people that has been put on the internet to make sure that you can never really see that, that it seems like something real is happening.
And he just happens to be one of those guys that was there at the right time.
And, you know, he's just an internet dude.
The superstructures of the world.
Yeah.
One being family.
Traditions.
Things that connect you to.
And what are the symptoms of that unhooking from the superstructures of the world?
How much do you care about things?
How much do you care about people saying your name four generations out?
So he phrases the question,
in a very self-centered, egoistic way.
How much do you care whether people know your name in four generations?
What you should really be thinking about is how much do you care whether you have grandkids or not?
He just got through telling him that he goes tell people about kids and people should have kids.
Now he asks this question in a completely unrelated, almost antithetical way.
If kids are the most important thing, if kids are the superstructure of the world, then actually aren't we borrowing the earth from our children?
We're not inheriting the earth from our ancestors.
We're borrowing the earth from our children and we're actually preparing the earth for our grandchildren.
What more noble way of describing the work that we have to do would be to prepare the earth for our grandchildren?
And yet he asks the question in the phrase of, will they know your name?
Well, who would be most likely to know your name?
Your fricking grandkids.
You see how awful this is, how nasty the script is, and how much of a monkey that guy is over there on the other side of the table who probably just took a big pile of money to be a podcast kid, a podcast actor on a national security script aimed mostly at America, but also at the UK, which is also being destroyed.
Yeah, you you're probably asking the wrong person because I just don't think legacy matters because I'm gonna be dead That's right, but you're I'm asking all of you who believe that yeah That is so sad It's so weird That no one cares about their legacy because they don't see a future.
What is he telling you?
He's telling you that he definitely is thinking about his legacy and
Peter Thiel's definitely thinking about his legacy.
His dad, Les Weinstein, has been thinking about his legacy ever since he was a kid.
You see what I mean?
And people who have been thinking about their legacy have also been recruiting people, you know, like Robert F. Kennedy Jr., to help steer the future, generations ahead.
It's so weird.
that you guys don't see a future.
You don't see a future because social media doesn't contain one.
Social media isn't about the future.
Social media is about now and what just happened.
Exactly the opposite direction and the opposite timescale that he's talking about here, but with such imprecision that every listener and even the podcast interviewer himself is confused by it.
So what I'm trying to say is,
I'm desperate to get you a future so that you care.
What needs to happen to get me a future?
Something remarkable.
Something wonderful.
Wasn't that the line for Jeff Bridges?
I don't know what to say.
I think that this stage acting play is crashing.
And I think they meant it to go on longer.
And it's supposed to last until the end of the Trump administration, at least, as we peel into this swing to the far left.
Because, you know, they talk about a liberal left hook or a conservative right hook or something like that, but it's the opposite.
We're actually being set up the other way.
And so the whole orchestration of the pandemic on a five-year timescale was to bait a bunch of the most intellectual, free-thinking people to question a narrative that would inevitably be dumped on their head in a very unpredictable way with regard to the vaccine schedule and health freedom and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Donald Trump, so that the entire experiment can be discredited in one go,
And everybody will push in the opposite direction.
And it's not a 50-50 push.
We have been led to believe that the election of, you know, just barely, he just barely won.
And that means that, you know, America's like 50-50, but America is not 50-50 about the Weinsteins.
Almost nobody gives a shit.
And he's not, America's not 50-50 about Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Almost everybody thinks he's an idiot.
I mean, we are talking about a severely big majority here.
We're not, it's not even 60-40.
And it's by design going in that direction.
That's why Steve Kirsch and Pierre Kory are on that anti-RFK tour.
It was a trap.
Something utterly remarkable because it's not going that way.
And that's what the physics part is.
I talk about physics constantly.
Physics is the only thing that's gonna get you a future.
How?
Well, right now the big problem is that we share one atmosphere.
Yeah.
So he wants to get off the planet.
You see what I mean?
I just hope we can build rockets and they get on them quick.
It's just absurd.
It's just as absurd as the other stuff when we're really talking about biology.
We should be talking about biology all the time, but these people are scripted actors.
Here's another joke out there that I want Riff TV to be fucking rock star solid.
I apologize, but I want you to hear the swearing again.
Remember America's conservative whatever right has been fractured into a million pieces.
And only 100,000 people need to watch Riff TV.
Only 100,000 people need to see Kim Iverson.
Only 100,000 people need to read Last Vagabond.
Only 100,000 or 200,000 or a half a million people need to read Robert Malone news.
And only, you know, half a million people or a million people need to watch Tucker Carlson for there to be enough people on the internet to create the illusion it's about half of America.
And it ain't half of America.
We're in big trouble.
The trap is closing.
And this is one of the buffoons that makes up the teeth of the trap.
This guy, it's just remarkable.
Why?
Because we the people, the people out there watching this show,
They need you to be their eyeballs for those douchebags in Washington, D.C.
that are stealing time from them all these innocuous ways and insidious ways that nobody can put their finger on.
They know something's wrong, but they don't know why it's wrong.
You're that guy.
What are five accounts
Like I already know some words I'm going to be muting and some people I'm going to be muting, but you know, you have to, you have to kind of take control of your algorithm or it'll take control of you in terms of what information you're exposed to.
So in terms of five accounts or people, maybe you don't know the account names that you think are on the money in finance, Bitcoin, medicine, who are five people that you think that... One of the ways that this movement has been fractured is with Bitcoin.
Some people are really into that.
and have spent many, many hours on it, and other people don't give a darn about Bitcoin.
Just like some people spent hours and hours on PCR, hours and hours on DNA, or hours and hours on virology, or hours and hours on no virus.
It's all the same kind of thing.
That fracturing of the intellectual space is by design.
There's got to be room for everybody, and they have actors on every stage.
It's a Lollapalooza of liars.
These guys might not have many viewers, but they need to be there Just like Shannon joy needs to be there and doc Malik needs to be there.
These are all scripted clowns that have been recruited and Agreed to stick to the script and not question it Even when somebody like me comes along and gives them a way of seeing through it they stick to the script and
Doc Malek knows that I'm right.
Shannon Joy met me in person in Pittsburgh in November of 2024, introduced in person by Joe Marshall.
They all know who I am and they all have watched my show and they all know I can say it very succinctly and they all know that I can
I could go on camera and explain why Robert Malone is a fraud, why Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is a fraud, why Martin Kulldorff is probably just a scripted fraud, why Mary Holland and Meryl Nass are scripted frauds, why Brian Hooker is a scripted fraud, and why frickin' Paul Offit is a scripted fraud, and yet nobody from either side wants to use me against the other because that's not how it will work out.
What will happen is that this 30 year, you know, that culminated in the last 10 years, in the last six years, this, this national security illusion will disappear.
The illusion of pandemics will disappear.
The illusion of vaccine skepticism will disappear.
The illusion of, of vaccines being the best thing since buttered bread will disappear.
And the illusion of the human genome project would start to disappear.
And that's all things that none of these people can let happen.
And that's why, you know, Mr. Glasses here has no concept of how to question it and is focused on, you know, giving you bullshit avenues to go down with regard to mitochondria without really actually saying anything about mitochondria.
I'll give you the top ones, I think, on the biology first.
Alexis Cowan is one.
She's a PhD researcher.
another one is a just a random dude that uh he's really he's really hit the ball out of the park his name is on twitter helios so a random dude on helios he just assumes is just some guy who really hits it out of the park because he's so tough or he's so hard hitting and that's just a joke again but it's the same as pbs news hour saying that
You know, Donald Trump can tweet something and that's important.
Or, you know, Elon Musk tweeted something in Germany and that's important.
It's the same thing as saying we have a Substack author and their Substack is X, Y, and Z because they all agree that this new social media and these mediums are the way that things are happening.
And that agreement is scripted.
Just like the agreement about it's a lab leak or it's a natural virus is a perfectly good dichotomy of questions to face for five years.
That is a script.
This is a scripted actor.
Just because he swears a lot or doesn't wear a shirt when he's by his pool doesn't make him any less scripted.
Just like Whitney Webb's shitty haircut and dumb glasses doesn't make her any less scripted.
Just like Glenn Beck's
fabulous studio, you know, it doesn't matter how you do it, you're scripted.
I like that he's fucking edgy, and he takes a lot of my stuff, and he really fires people up.
Another guy is a guy on Twitter, ZeRusty.
He's got another name, but if you follow him, he really posts like salt of the earth kind of things that get you better.
Another guy that's got a podcast, he's now getting ready to get a PhD.
His name's Cameron Borg.
He's very interested in quantum biology, and he's a good follow.
That's enough on the biology side.
And then I would tell you on the Bitcoin side,
See, when they say quantum biology, they don't really know what they're talking about and they can't really explain it.
And if they were to explain it, it would be a really shitty explanation.
And that's the issue.
Quantum biology is a lot of mythology.
It's a lot of hocus pocus, but he likes to say it because then it seems like he's got a whole nother, you know, big knife on his belt.
I mean, he hasn't even shown you all the stuff he's got in his EDC.
Sorry, that's everyday carry for those people who aren't interested in pocket knives and that kind of thing.
Favorite's Larry Lippard, who I hope you reach out to.
Yeah, he's fantastic actually.
Right.
And Larry is a boomer, so I'm going to give your young audience another boomer.
I'm sure all of you are going, fucking get rid of this boomer.
Let's get some... Oh, so this is a young audience on Riff TV.
Great.
somebody young on.
But then I would tell you a younger guy from Canada is Jeff Booth.
Jeff Booth, the reason why he's a good follow, because he's absolutely a freedom maximalist, but he's also Canadian, so he's conflicted.
And he's got spectacular information
on bitcoin i'm going to give you another canadian too who is as far as i'm concerned for my members i always say if you have a wallet question you have a cold storage question his name is ben but it's btc underscore sessions he's on youtube he's on x they just try to take his youtube channel away which is really unfortunate
And then a guy who's a macro guy that I really like, you know, this is more in the fiat world, Luke Roman.
I think Luke Roman is spectacular follow.
He won't say everything you want to say, but he should.
And then I'm going to give you a new section who is a little bit of both, but these are data guys that are fucking killer.
ethical skeptic who is a former Navy intelligence officer who is when it comes to cutting through the bullshit this is a guy you need to follow and
I would tell you another- There was a while in 2022 where everybody was debating whether Ethical Skeptic was a man or a woman.
I mean, Ethical Skeptic is mostly full of shit.
The guy is from Massachusetts, who's done yeoman duties, an electrical engineer, his name's John Bedoin.
John Bedoin!
I thought it was John Bodewin.
I mean, really?
Bedoin.
Wow.
So he doesn't even really know his name.
That's sad.
Sorry, John.
But I think John Bodwin actually told me that his name is John Bodwin, even though it's spelled John Bodine.
Holy crap.
He has done stuff on the Bitcoin.
I should say on the COVID side, looking at death records, that is spectacular.
And then I think the biggest follow that really is the link between both, that's Kevin McKiernan.
Kevin McKiernan is a cannabis researcher, worked on the Human Genome Project.
He's a no bullshit fucking kind of guy.
I got to spend time with him and his family in Prague.
He spent time with him in Prague.
These people are traveling all around the world, you know, podcasting from their pools and giving cannabis talks about the, you know, hemp industry versus medical marijuana industry.
And, you know, they're just a lot of jet setting suckers, you know, that just all the censorship and stuff, it's real expensive and whatever.
I mean,
My gosh, come on.
And I will just tell you that if you're a fucking mitochondriac in training or a savage, and I'm talking to you right now, you follow him.
He may not have it all right, but he's got most of it right.
And I can tell you most of the fucking jackasses on X, on YouTube,
Uh, the people that are longevity space, they're not going to fucking help you.
But that guy, uh, I can tell you he is above board and he cares actually about people.
And I think in my business, what do I do?
I'm sorry, but I'll say it right out loud.
I think Kevin McKernan is one of the worst actors in this space.
I think he's likely one of the people that scripted Meryl Nass and helped to script Robert Malone and helped to script Mary Holland maybe for years.
He may have known Brian Hooker for years.
I would go so far as to say Kevin McKernan is one of the fakest Americans on earth.
Exactly the opposite of what this blowhard is saying right now.
Hivilma is right in the chat, and this guy is funded by Nicole Shanahan.
Well there, that's all you have to know.
It is one malevolent shitshow of people that are using pictures and videos and lies against
Vulnerable people on social media.
At the behest of people that would rather not have an American Republic anymore.
I don't know what we're trying to save here, but I do know that there is a future that I want for my children that doesn't involve people like this, actors like this, and social media like this.
My legacy isn't going to be in a monument.
It's not going to be here or there.
It's going to be in the minds of people when I'm fucking dead.
Why?
I want to leave this mark on people to know that what really matters
is the mitochondrial genome.
Epigenetics.
It's not so much the nucleogenome.
It's the mitochondrial genome and he wants to leave that for people.
This dude is a scripted actor and he's full of shit.
He will never be able to get into more detail than that.
And if he did, it would be a bunch of mumbo-jumbo and dumbassery that would end with something like, and quantum biology is really the foundation of all of this.
These people are such charlatans, such snake oil salesmen, with his frickin' red glasses on and certain wavelengths of light are killing you.
And I need to get that message out to guys like you because you're a young man, you're extremely important.
So he said to listen to this one biologist named Alexis something or other.
Let's listen to Alexis for a second.
Important.
So what would be the mechanism behind vitamin D and sun exposure helping with colorectal cancer?
Great question.
What do you do?
You got some quotes for us?
I'll take it.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'll just read the quotes really quick.
So that's her over there.
This is Dr. Gabrielle Lyon.
And then that's the other one that he said, Alexis, somebody to follow.
And she's about to read shit off of her phone.
Do you believe that these people are doing a podcast and making a living because they have subscribers or they put out content that people are willing to pay for?
They've got a sub stack that's just rising?
Is that what you believe?
So here's a quote from a study.
There's PMIDs.
We can link in the show notes if people are interested.
So it says, studies in the past decade indicate that insufficient sun exposure may be responsible for 340,000 deaths in the US and 480,000 deaths in Europe per year and an increased incidence of breast cancer, colorectal cancer, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, metabolic syndrome, multiple sclerosis, Alzheimer's disease, autism, asthma, type 1 diabetes, and myopia.
I actually thought all those things were due to red meat.
Oh, I know, right?
That's what you would be allowed to think in this culture, right?
We also have another quote here.
Frequent regular sun exposure acts to cause cancers that have a 0.3% death rate with 2,000 US fatalities per year.
This is the SCC and the BCC skin cancers I mentioned.
And acts to prevent cancers that have death rates from 20% to 65% with 138,000 US fatalities per year.
That's the breast, colon, and blood cancers primarily.
And my understanding is the reason that you're pointing this out is because we've been told a lot to stay out of the sun.
We do spend a ton of time indoors.
I'm curious.
Is this like the female version of ZDoggMD?
Like she decided to go into podcasting because medicine is hard, but she's got an MD because, you know, that's what they do when you, when you pay a medical school for four years, they give you an MD.
What is going on here?
as to what the numbers are.
And potentially that is doing us a tremendous amount of harm.
And so then we are told to go outside, put sunscreen in, and I can appreciate what you're saying from that perspective that we are not getting enough sunlight.
But it's more complicated than that, isn't it?
Well, so I would really, as it relates to mechanisms of like cancer and sun exposure, I'd like to unpack another part of the story.
Maybe briefly to wrap up the vitamin D side of the story, when UVB light hits your skin, it's not only that pre-vitamin D that's made, there's also over a dozen other vitamin D-like molecules that are made in response to UVB light.
So if you're supplementing with vitamin D, you're missing out.
You're getting a very narrow spectrum result.
But if someone couldn't
get outside, let's say they're institutionalized or in the hospital, they have a limited exposure to sunlight.
What could someone do?
Would they have to change their light bulbs?
What would be... See, the funny thing is, is that if you're talking about vitamin D and you're not talking about calcium metabolism and you're not talking about parathyroid hormone, then I don't think you're talking about anything that's really relevant because vitamin D sits at the heart of that.
Vitamin D also is a cofactor for T-cells and a lot of the stuff that happens in immunity, but that's neither here nor there.
It could just be a cofactor that's necessary as opposed to like facilitating or something like that, you know, like you need dirt to grow a plant.
Vitamin D could be in the background all the time and play that kind of a role in a lot of cellular metabolism.
But the heart of it in terms of, you know, day-to-day really important shit, it's the regulation of calcium.
Calcium is one of the more important signaling molecules in the body and it regulated very, very tightly to very, very low concentrations
when it's not supposed to be around and is a signal molecule so that it can be detected at very low concentrations and have very impressive physiological results.
And so calcium metabolism is... Are you flying in the garage?
And calcium metabolism is related to, dependent on vitamin D.
And so to talk so aspecifically about vitamin D only in correlation to other things and other observations is so dumb.
It's so dumb.
And we have two doctors doing it together on a podcast.
This is what we're talking about here.
The national security state will fund
people like this because they're not dangerous.
They waste people's time and get people asking questions that will never get them out of the trap.
They'll never question intramuscular injection.
It's just a dumb idea that we've never really considered.
They'll never realize that the COVID shot is actually just a recycling of old, old technology.
That's been used in universities for 20 years on mice and monkeys.
They'll never come to realize that social media could be used to destroy a nation or even a world.
Everybody that speaks the same language.
I mean, it's frightening ladies and gentlemen, what's happening.
And I think we have a very limited time to get out.
and to get our kids out with us.
An opportunity for change.
So I mean, I think this is one reason why this story has not really been popularized, because there's a lot of implications as to actually how we're living our lives, how people are being.
So this is the woman that Jack Krause said that that guy should follow, this person.
Just some random person who's too young to know anything.
With too little professional experience to know anything and she's already podcasting like an expert.
Already being promoted by somebody who is funded by Nicole Shannon?
Wow.
Led to think in a certain type of way.
This Week in Virology, the podcast about viruses, the kind that make you sick.
Hello, Harvard Virology.
I thought it would be nice to watch this for a little while because you get an insight into a scientific department and how a scientific department works.
This is a virology department retreat.
So they went somewhere and they rented some rooms and there's a meeting place so they can have breakfast together and then they all give
presentations about their research and have dinner together and stuff.
And so as their keynote speaker, they had TWIV.
And so the Harvard Virology Department has TWIV.
They're doing a TWIV show.
And they have three of their all-stars on stage.
And this show is magnificent.
At least the first half hour is magnificent.
Virology retreat in 2011.
And one of my guests in the audience, David Knipe.
And Phil Kranzu, she was another.
That was fun.
Now I'm back.
And thank you for having us back.
I guess you like TWIV.
This may be the last one, though.
My guest today from Harvard University, Aaron Schmidt.
Welcome.
Those are all the students and grad students cheering.
So of course, this is part of what goes on as you climb the ladder of tenure and get tenure, that you get this kind of, you know, you feel like a little bit of a celebrity, and these people are climbing tenure at Harvard.
So needless to say, this guy feels very much, you know, like a guy in a big chair.
Thank you, Vincent, and thank you very much for accepting our invitation to come here to be our keynote speaker for our retreat.
I drove up with Aaron, so he's obviously an OK driver, right?
Also joining us in the middle, a GS5 or G5.
Is it G5 or GS?
G. G. G is the government level thing.
G5.
Does that mean she's a grad student, fifth year?
I think that's what that means.
That's a lot of time and a lot of money.
Wow.
G5 Tatum Sass.
Welcome to Twim.
Thanks so much for having me.
And at the end there, Ben Gowers, welcome to TWIV.
You got a mic.
Yeah, thanks.
I've watched a lot of TWIVs.
It's amazing to be on this side.
Good.
Well, we're going to put you through the paces.
Not only did you pick TWIV as the keynote, which I think is very good, right?
It's different.
And that's what I always wanted to do with these podcasts, do something different.
Now, what's interesting is that this first guy gets really nervous because
He's going to be asked a bunch of questions, and he doesn't want to be a spokesman.
Remember, because they have a very narrow field that they're experts in.
And so they really are afraid to be challenged.
I picked the panelists, too.
I had no say in this.
So thank you very much.
And if they do well, it's your doing.
And if they don't, it's your doing.
So by the way, I have stickers here, right?
Because I want you to advertise for Microbe TV.
You can stick these and come and get them afterwards, OK?
Don't forget.
I don't want to take them back with me.
You know that I did a postdoc with David Baltimore, and he just passed away September 6, not too long ago.
David Knipe was also a postdoc.
A student.
Wow, he looks so young.
We didn't overlap but I used to see you at parties and so forth.
We got to be friends and so it was a big loss.
David was a fantastic scientist that you know and I assumed he would live forever.
because you could always call him or email him and he'd answer.
So it's really, it's too bad because he was amazing.
And I thought he was the best scientist I ever knew, frankly, the brightest biologist in the world.
So it's too bad.
But I had interviewed him for TWIV 100, which, oh my gosh, that was
2010, ages ago.
And Monday, the day after he passed, I listened to the whole thing and I said, oh my gosh, this is actually good.
The sound was good and he was great, of course, and we asked good questions.
So I reissued it.
And when I went to the archive to look for the audio files, I found a video that I had never released.
I was a novice back then, I put the camera on a tripod and I just pointed it at him, because I didn't know how to get me in it, I didn't know how to get the two people online in it.
And I never released it, but it's there now if you want to see him.
Answering the questions and you know, I'm not a great video editor But at the end I thank him and he says thank you and then I just have him fade away and the chair is empty Yeah, no, I'm not Quentin Tarantino I Just thought it was was cool.
So go check that out.
It's over at our YouTube channel micro TV if you enjoy these programs We'd love to have your support to do them.
So we bring you science and
Real science, no lies, no disinformation.
We give you the science as it's done by scientists.
And if you like that and you need to know this, we'd love your support.
We don't do ads on our programs.
We depend on listener support, microbe.tv slash contribute.
OK, Aaron, you're the head of the virology program.
So what is a retreat?
a retreat is a formal gathering of it no that's the head of virology at Harvard Medical School that guy right there that sounds a lot like Rick Bright I mean I don't know what to say I don't I don't believe it but it's I guess apparently it's true
It's one of the highlights, in my opinion, of the entire program.
And it's a chance for all of our students and some of our faculty to gather together to celebrate the science that everybody is doing, and also an opportunity for all of us to get together and join together to discuss science and celebrate each other.
And so I think it's incredibly important, especially in the current climate, that there's an opportunity for us to gather and, again, to celebrate each other.
So this is something you do every year, right?
Yes.
So this happens every year in the fall, and it's a chance to welcome our incoming first-year graduate students who have been accepted into our program and are about to begin their very long, arduous,
Long PhDs.
And this is before they've had a chance to select who they're going to do their thesis research with.
So it's an opportunity for our incoming class to be able to interact with other class upper years and hear about their experiences that they've had with their mentors and their thesis advisors and give them an opportunity to learn about all the science, the great science, that is being done in the virology space at Harvard.
And so it happens every single year in the fall.
It varies from where we go, whether it's in the mountains here, where everybody loves to hike, apparently.
Not me.
But then it's also an opportunity that we can go to Cape Cod, which is my favorite place to go to, Provincetown in particular, which David notoriously hates.
So when I was a student, it was not an opportunity for us to go there because David did not like it.
But now that I'm head of the program, we will be going to Provincetown again, even though we're not there this year.
Thank you, Suzanne.
Where are the G1s?
Raise your hand.
I want to see you.
Oh, cool.
Did you have a good retreat?
Yes.
Well, you're not going to say no, right?
OK.
So these are great.
I had a great time at the last one, and I'm really glad to be back.
This was even better, actually.
One of the cool things at this retreat is last night we had a trivia contest, right, which was really good.
Every table was a team and we got really great questions and like there was a whole series of clips from science fiction movies, right, and you had to guess what the movie was.
I thought that was cool because Ian Lipkin was the script consultant for Contagion.
He actually gives a talk where he goes through all the virus-related movies and critiques them.
The earliest one is in the 20s with Vincent Price.
It's a black and white issue.
I wonder if Mark knows that Ian Lipkin was the script consultant for Contagion.
I think Contagion is the movie that opens with a Lederberg quote, right?
Maybe I'm getting them all mixed up.
We issued later.
It was redone in color with Maybe that was Outbreak.
You should check out that.
If he's ever around and he's giving that lecture, you should check it out.
Let's see, there was a Twiv set of questions, which I thought was really cool.
I got all those right.
But there was one that was kind of confusing.
What was the latest Twiv?
And there were two this week, right?
So we had to modify that.
And then- I'm gonna speed this up just a little bit.
It is 100% heaps.
Gosh, okay.
Like someone told me who cares, except us.
So that's really cool.
And here's another thing that I picked up during this meeting.
How to pronounce words.
This is from you.
Oh, no.
So how do you pronounce the word H-E-P-E-S?
Oh, gosh.
OK.
I've always said heaps.
The great David Knipe corrected me and said it's heepees.
So from now on, I don't care.
I'm going to have to switch.
I mean, that's kind of sad, right?
It's spelled H-E-P-E-S, and they're all capital letters.
So SCUBA, it's an acronym for a chemical.
So you're not going to say heaps because he won't hear the spelling.
It would be spelled H E E P S or H E A P S, but it wouldn't be spelled H E P E S and say heaps.
Only dumb dumbs say heaps.
And yet we are now reinforcing that because the head of virology at Harvard is a dumb dumb.
It sounds like herpes.
Oh, it is 100% heaps.
I'm going with hepes because it sounds like herpes.
So Dave and I are the same era.
We used to call it hepes, right?
But it doesn't matter.
I mean, it's just an abbreviation for a chemical, so it doesn't really matter, right?
All right, here's another one.
This one is from you guys, C-O-O-P.
How do you pronounce that word?
C-O-O-P is a store in your place, right?
In your campus.
How do you pronounce C-O-O-P?
It's the coop.
The coop?
The coop.
Even though it comes from a cooperative, right?
The co-op is a cooperative where people pay money to be a member so that they get things cheaper because they buy them together.
It's a cooperative supermarket or co-op
For short, you could call it a coop, but then you'd be a dumbass.
Coop.
So, Cornelian.
Where's the Cornelian here?
How did we call it in Cornell?
Do you remember?
The co-op?
The co-op!
Exactly!
Why is this so annoying?
Because vaccine is a word.
Because transfection is a word.
because autism is a word.
And rather than having a nuanced discussion about whether these words are useful and how they might be made useful by honing the definition or having more specific definition of those words, they are willing to have discussions with each other about the pronunciation of acronyms for chemicals and the pronunciation for apoptosis.
It's remarkable, the pronunciation of a four-letter English word missing a hyphen that's actually short for another word that these people are too dumb to know, apparently.
Prompter, look.
We called it the co-op, right?
And there was no hyphen either, so it just varies.
And one more.
This is my favorite.
Programmed cell death.
How do you say that?
It's the A word, right?
A-P-O-P-T.
Do you know program cell death?
No, no, I'm just an ignorant virologist.
How do you pronounce it?
Autophagy?
Okay, nice guy.
Do you know what program cell death is?
Oh, I'm going to say it wrong.
I've always said apoptosis.
Yeah, that's how I say it, but I used to say it.
What about you, Ben?
I also say it that way, but I've heard Horvitz say apoptosis.
Apoptosis, yeah.
Who says apoptosis?
I say it all the time, and I co-authored this virology textbook, and they excoriated me for saying apoptosis.
They said, you're so unsophisticated to say that.
So I got shamed into saying apoptosis, but now I have the whole room behind me now, apoptosis.
Because it's a helicopter.
What's really funny about that is that it's almost like these people don't speak English.
They don't understand how words are said.
It's kind of frustrating in a way because when a word is a word, its syllables are all said together with one syllable being accented.
That's the general rule.
I understand that in some languages there is no accent.
Like in Norway, in Norwegian there are some words and some names that contain syllables with no accent and you can't say them because you can't hear that because you're trained to hear an accent.
And so if we do apoptosis, it's not a-pop-tosis.
It's apoptosis.
You say the word, and the accent is the only thing you can change.
And if you go a-pop-tosis, you are not saying a word anymore.
You're saying three syllables separate, and you sound like a dumbass.
It doesn't have to that you can hear every single little consonant separate from every other vowel and that's not how language works.
That's why we have consonant blends and stuff like that.
You know, this is just so dumb.
This discussion is so revealing.
for the kinds of things that these people would waste their time on.
Now wait till you hear where it goes.
And I've only got about five minutes, and then I'm going to go blank.
We'll pronounce a word, and then Kathy Spindler will say, that's not the way you pronounce it.
Or that's wrong.
I think that's a lot of fun.
It illustrates.
Remember, this is a program for non-scientists as well as scientists.
And it just illustrates how flimsy science is.
OK.
flimsy science is because people don't know how to pronounce words because they have dumb mentors?
Like, wow.
Anyway, those are my memories from retreat.
So thank you again for inviting me.
And you became diploid.
I became diploid, yes.
But the point of my story is that when it came to argument, Harvard Mass General.
Making my way to the.
As far as ways, like I'm.
Sure.
What you know goes on.
Well, I don't know exactly what goes on, but I have a few graduate students.
So if Giancarlo or Lamont or JC want to weigh in, they can.
I absolutely believe that there are.
this belief in infection.
Some of the most pressing viral that we're interested in trying to understand is once you make an immune response to a particular pathogen, how does that pathogen, very interested in trying to understand is what is the way that our immune system sees a pathogen and how antibodies are made to it and how can we use that information to potentially guide next generation viral vaccines.
Is it possible that the Harvard, the head of the Virology Institute at Harvard is still working on how the body decides to produce antibodies?
Is it possible?
Because I think how the body produces antibodies is a window into the illusion of the Human Genome Project.
I think that Susumu Tonigawa's discovery and awarding of the Nobel Prize, he's now a neuroscientist, Susumu.
That discovery is a window into how genes work.
And these people are set on having you believe that is a very unique aspect of the B cell aspect of the subunits of the organism of the immune system, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I kind of stumbled through that because I was just improvising.
But really, I think what he wants you to believe is that the
way that antibodies are produced is a very interesting and hard to understand mechanism that we should spend all our time trying to understand when in reality it is a microcosm example of how genes are expressed throughout the body in every cell type for every enzyme and every functional protein.
And that oversight is an illusion that he doesn't understand because he's not a sophisticated biologist.
He's a gunner.
He's on a script that he doesn't even understand.
And it's Bad Biology 101.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm getting really excited because I can feel the momentum building.
We're going to be able to break this.
We're going to be able to break it hard.
It's going to be fun.
It's going to be like a karate chop through a whole set of boards or a whole set of bricks.
It's going to be ugly.
And it's not going to be even like, this is great.
But this is nothing like what we're going to do to the Human Genome Project and the illusion of the genome itself, the concept of a genome, and what it does or doesn't do.
You know the central dogma?
We are going to destroy it over the next couple months.
Enjoy it while it lasts, ladies and gentlemen.
This is an ongoing book writing session.
Starting tomorrow, the book writing will begin with what will be called the History of Pseudobiology 432.
It is one of the three courses that I'm gonna start teaching.
We're gonna start with History of Pseudobiology because it's the one that needs the most study halls.
And we'll start with David Baltimore, because he's the recent addition to the pantheon of these people.
I'm really excited about it.
Don't forget that using their test to find their ghost doesn't make you a Ghostbuster, because this is about all the marbles.
This is for the grandchildren of Earth.
Thanks for being here.
I'll see you again tomorrow.
Yeah, it's not the red pill.
It's not the blue pill.
It is the green pill, ladies and gentlemen, the green pill.
That's the answer.
Autism is a meaningless word by design.
Intramuscular injection is dumb.
Transfection is an old technology and RNA can't do that.
Thanks for being here.
You are trapped in a social media
National Security Theater.
And one way out is PeerTube.
You can download the PeerTube app and then enter in the URL stream.gigom.bio and Bob's your uncle.
Thanks for being here.
See you tomorrow.